why yes if Ronnie can see them there's
always a chance that he's gonna knock
them in you've got to get very close to
that bottom cushion with your safety
shots well this would be a very
attacking shots if Ronnie elects to take
this read on fine well that was a superb
Lee control shot from Ronnie
and already in the space of two or three
shots
well he's developed a frame when in
situation okay
pretty
where you can see by the way he plays
this game he thinks incredibly quickly
early doesn't seem to create any
problems within his own mind
within two and a half minutes the
breakers go to 36 37
forty-four
forty-five
fifty-two
53 still to open Reds
sixteen
61 so the bread goes to 61 still nicely
in position 75 left on the table so
still needs to have another red and the
color this has been a terrific break the
only thing that John Parrott has done is
break off certainly hadn't done the
wrong as a match and he's going to
behind 74 yes this really has been a joy
to watch 75 wanna go Sullivan in full
flight so he'd taken him some
four-minute suit get to 82 such as he
pays he plays this game
lighting
ninety-one
well the frame time is that less than
five minutes and then idea this almost
reads the century ninety nine and
certainly entertaining this
107 is for the highest break currently
standing at 122 ironically by John
Parrott in his previous match 114 can
accept to be beaten here by Ronnie
O'Sullivan 116
119 well certainly in full flight here
123 now this is the highest break now of
the tournament and can he clear the
table 131 in just about 6 minutes flat
tremendous day takes Ronnie O'Sullivan
go to nothing lead